Type of Licenses:
We offer two types of licenses:

1. One-Time Purchase License
This license applies to all paid asset packs. As the name suggests, it is granted upon the one-time purchase of individual assets. Under this license, you receive:

Perpetual rights to use the purchased asset packs
Permission to use the assets in commercial projects
The right to include the assets in an unlimited number of your projects
By purchasing and/or downloading these assets, you agree to the terms of our One-Time Purchase License Agreement.

2. Free Asset Usage Policy
This license applies to all assets in the Free category. By downloading free assets, you receive:

A perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use the assets
The right to create an unlimited number of Final Products
Permission to include the assets in both personal and commercial projects
However, the following is strictly prohibited:

Redistributing the assets “as-is” (even for free)
Modifying and distributing derivative works outside of a Final Product
Using the assets in on-demand or do-it-yourself services
By downloading these assets, you agree to the terms of our Free Asset Usage Policy.

Questions & Support
If you have any questions about our licenses or need additional information, please contact our support team.

Privacy Policy:
Who we are
Our website address is: https://ithappystudios.com.

Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.

Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.

Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.

If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.

When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.

If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.

Where your data is sent
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.

Account Deletion
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to request the deletion of your account and all associated personal data.

If you wish to delete your account, please send a request to:
support@ithappystudios.com

Your request should include:

The email address associated with your account
A clear statement that you wish to delete your account and all related data
We will process your request within 7 business days. Once completed, all personal data associated with your account will be permanently removed from our servers.

Other Policies:
WooCommerce












Google Web Fonts




YouTube





Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

Login via OAuth 2.0
Authorization is required to make purchases in our store. To facilitate registration and login to the site, we have added the ability to log in through Google and Facebook accounts. You may be required to enter your credentials for these services to sign in to the site using Google and Facebook. We respect privacy and use a minimum of data, such as: first name, last name and email address.

Who we share your data with
If you request a password reset, your IP address will be included in the reset email.

How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

Where your data is sent
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.

Account Deletion
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to request the deletion of your account and all associated personal data.

If you wish to delete your account, please send a request to:
support@ithappystudios.com

Your request should include:

The email address associated with your account
A clear statement that you wish to delete your account and all related data
We will process your request within 7 business days. Once completed, all personal data associated with your account will be permanently removed from our servers.

Other Policies:
[/vc_column_text][/vc_column][/vc_row]
WooCommerce
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.

What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:

Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.

When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, email address, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:

Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.

We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for XXX years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.

We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.

Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:

Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.

What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you: Google Analytics and Jetpack.

Payments
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.

Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.

Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.

For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.

If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.

Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.

If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.

If you’re logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.

YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.

Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://policies.google.com/privacy.

Terms of Service:
Overview
This website (ithappystudios.com) is operated by ITHappy Studios. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to ITHappy Studios. ITHappy Studios offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.

By visiting our site and/or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site.

Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.

Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.

1. Account and Registration
1.1. Account Creation
You must provide accurate and complete information when creating an account
You must be at least 13 years old to create an account. If you are under 18, you represent that you have your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission to use the Service
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials
1.2. Account Security
You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account
You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your account
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate accounts for violations of these Terms
1.3. Account Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account at our sole discretion, without notice, for conduct that we believe violates these Terms or is harmful to other users, us, or third parties.

2. Website Use
2.1. Acceptable Use
You agree to use the Website only for:

Browsing and purchasing 3D Models
Downloading purchased or free 3D Models
Accessing support and documentation
Communicating with our support team
2.2. Prohibited Activities
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content:

For any unlawful purpose
To solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts
To violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances
To infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others
To harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability
To submit false or misleading information
To upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code
To collect or track the personal information of others
To spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape
For any obscene or immoral purpose
To interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website
3. Payment Terms
3.1. Payment Methods
We accept payments through PayPal and other specified payment systems
All payments must be made in the currency specified on the Website
You agree to provide accurate payment information
3.2. Pricing
All prices are listed in the currency shown on the Website
Prices may change without notice
Custom pricing available for bulk purchases
3.3. Refund Policy
3D Models are non-refundable
Technical support is provided to resolve any issues
Exceptions may be made at our sole discretion
For more detail, please review our Refund Policy.

4. Support Services
4.1. Technical Support
Support is provided via Discord and email (support@ithappystudios.com)
We usually reply within 24-48 hours, although response times are not guaranteed
Support is limited to technical issues with our 3D Models
Our support does not include training or customization of 3D Models
4.2. Communication Channels
Official support channels: Discord and email
Language of support: English
4.3. Documentation
Additional tutorials available on our YouTube channel
Technical specifications provided with each 3D Model
5. Accuracy, Completeness and Timeliness of Information
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.

This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.

6. Modifications to the Service and Prices
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.

We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.

We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

7. Products or Services
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Refund Policy.

We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.

We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.

We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.

8. Privacy and Data Protection
8.1. Data Collection
We collect information necessary for account management and service provision
Usage data is collected to improve our services
Payment information is processed securely through authorized payment processors
8.2. Data Use
Personal data is used only for service provision
We do not sell personal information to third parties
Email communications may include service-related messages and periodic newsletters about new products, updates, and promotions
Users can opt out of marketing communications at any time while continuing to receive essential service-related messages
8.3. Data Security
We implement industry-standard security measures
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account credentials
We are not responsible for data breaches resulting from compromised user credentials
For complete details about how we collect and use your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.

9. Third-Party Links
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.

Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.

Please be aware that third-party websites may have different terms of service, privacy policies, and cookie policies than our website. When you visit these websites, you are subject to their policies and not ours.

We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.

10. User Comments, Feedback and Other Submissions
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.

You retain ownership of any original copyright to content you submit, but by submitting comments, you grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute your comments in any medium or format.

We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.

You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.

11. Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.

We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.

You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.

You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.

In no case shall ITHappy Studios, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility.

12. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless ITHappy Studios and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.

13. Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

14. Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.

These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.

If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).

15. Governing Law
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Georgia, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

16. Dispute Resolution
All disputes shall first be attempted to be resolved through negotiation
Any legal proceedings shall be brought in the courts of Georgia
You waive any objection to venue in these courts
17. Entire Agreement
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service).

Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.

18. Changes to Terms of Service
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.

19. Contact Information
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at support@ithappystudios.com.

You can also reach us via Discord: https://discord.gg/invite/DtckvszZgk

Refund Policy:
We stand behind our products and it is important to us that you are satisfied with them. However, because our products are digital goods delivered online, we do not normally issue refunds.

If you change your mind about your purchase and have not downloaded our product, we will gladly refund your money upon your request.

The consumer protection laws of various countries are followed to the best of our ability. Refund requests made after you have downloaded our product are handled on a case-by-case basis and issued at our sole discretion. When evaluating a solution, we check whether the available assets, animations, and file formats match the product description in the store.

Refund requests, if any, must be submitted within thirty (30) days of the original purchase.


